_tabs/about.md, before:

---
# the default layout is 'page'
icon: fas fa-info-circle
order: 4
---

# MalayaHunter

Welcome to MalayaHunter's Github Page. MalayaHunter is a Cybersecurity group from the University Malaya. This page is an amalgamation of writeups and information from CTF's and other walkthroughs. 


## Documentation

This page is created using Jekyll and the Jekyll Chirpy Theme. To learn how to use, develop, and upgrade the project, please refer to the [Wiki][wiki].
Feel free to read the documentation prepared at [Documentation][documentation] or [Github][github]

## Contributing

Contributions (_pull requests_, _issues_, and _discussions_) are what make the open-source community such an amazing place
to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.
For details, see the "[Contributing Guidelines][contribute-guide]".

## Collaborators

![GitHub Contributors Image](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=um-csnet/malayahunter)

[wiki]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/wiki	
[documentation]: /categories/documentation/
[github]: https://github.com/um-csnet/malayahunter/

Commit message:

Update MalayaHunter logo and contributors badge

_tabs/about.md, after:

---
# the default layout is 'page'
icon: fas fa-info-circle
order: 4
---
<div align="center">
    <div>
        <img src="/assets/img/favicons/android-chrome-192x192.png">
    </div>

<h1> MalayaHunter </h1>

Welcome to MalayaHunter's Github Page. MalayaHunter is a Cybersecurity group from the University Malaya. This page is an amalgamation of writeups and information from CTF's and other walkthroughs. 

</div>

## Documentation

This page is created using Jekyll and the Jekyll Chirpy Theme. To learn how to use, develop, and upgrade the project, please refer to the [Wiki][wiki].
Feel free to read the documentation prepared at [Documentation][documentation] or [Github][github]

## Contributing

Contributions can be made by _pull request_/_issues_/contacting the admin of the website. For details, see the [Documentation][documentation] or [Github][github]

## Contributors

![GitHub Contributors Image](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=um-csnet/malayahunter)

[wiki]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/wiki	
[documentation]: /malayahunter/categories/documentation/
[github]: https://github.com/um-csnet/malayahunter/
